[News] 2021-07-13 (#636)
sider/sider-docs: docs/news/2021.md

---

## Provide new recommended rulesets for Cppcheck and PHPMD

<time class="news-date" datetime="2021-07-13">July 13, 2021</time>

Today, we have just released our new recommended rulesets for [Cppcheck](../tools/cplusplus/cppcheck.md) and [PHPMD](../tools/php/phpmd.md).
Please check out [Recommended Ruleset](../getting-started/recommended-rules.md) for more details about the rulesets.

> In addition, this update includes the following notable change: 💥

Reviewer: [suggestion] I think adding an option is not notable and 💥 is usually used for breaking changes. How about this?

```suggestion
In addition, this release includes the following updates: ✨
```

> - Support [`suppressions-list`](../tools/cplusplus/cppcheck.md#suppressions-list) option for Cppcheck - This option allows you to specify a file path of a suppressions file. This helps you filter out certain rules from being generated.

Reviewer: [suggestion] I think this addition is not so important. So how about simplifying the description as below?

```suggestion
- Support [`suppressions-list`](../tools/cplusplus/cppcheck.md#suppressions-list) option for Cppcheck.
```
